chore(#1169)Add page on how to run multiple chrome versions (#1170)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/code/core/run-multiple-chrome-versions.md

---
title: "Running multiple Chrome versions"
linkTitle: "Multiple Chrome versions"
weight: 16
description: >
  How to run multiple Chrome versions on your local machine
aliases: >
  /core/guides/multiple-chrome-versions
---

{{% alert title="Note" %}}
These steps are suitable for Mac. It was tested in a Mac Intel.  It can be adapted to any Chrome version.
{{% /alert %}}

> Follow these steps on a Mac to run Chrome version 90 besides your actual up to date Chrome app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps on a Mac to run Chrome version 90 while having another Chrome app on a different version. 
```
I'm not a native speaker, but `besides your actual` sounds weird to me 🤔

- Download Chrome `90.0.4430.72` from [slimjet](https://www.slimjet.com/chrome/google-chrome-old-version.php?cmtx_sort=)
- Do not install the `Google Chrome.app` in your `Application` folder. Install it in your `Desktop` folder for example.
- Change the name of the app to `Google Chrome 90.app` and then move it to the `Application` folder, ***without*** overwritting your current Chrome

> - Remove Chrome’s automatic updates by:
>   - Right click on `Application/Google Chrome 90.app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove Chrome’s automatic updates by:
  - Close all Chrome open instances.
  - Open `Google Chrome 90.app` while not having Internet, so it doesn't give an error after modifying the `Info.plis`.
  - Right-click on `Application/Google Chrome 90.app`
```
This step worked better for me.

Author: Add extra steps to remove Chrome´s automatic update.

  - Click on `Show package content`

>   - Open in the IDE the file `Contents/Info.plist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Open the file `Contents/Info.plist` in your IDE 
```
